I'm the bottleneck cuz all the content
goes through me. What if I have an agent
that already knows my taste and I say
like you just let it give the feedback.
>> If you could hire as many people as you
wanted for almost zero cost like what
other roles would you hire people into?
>> Hi Louu built one of the biggest
software companies on the planet. Air
Table is used by more than 80% of the
Fortune 100.
>> The people who are able to do that most
effectively will become like almost
superhuman, right? you're able to give
good judgment and feedback to just like
a really effective CEO of humans. You
could imagine building a company that
you never would have dreamed of without
any employees or with minimal employees.
So the tinker mindset is most important
first and foremost. And I think the
second is really
>> my goal is that anyone who has been
consuming cont about AI but was not like
scared to try it but thought it was too
complicated.
>> I want them to actually deploy a few
agents after watching this video.
>> Okay.
>> To realize how powerful the technology
has become compared to like two years
ago when they maybe tried one prompt and
chatg and like ah this is just nothing.
All the hype I don't understand it.
Yeah,
>> when you work with this technology
correctly, it's actually really
transformative. Can you talk to me about
the current state of AI? So, we've been
in an era of chat bots. You had to
initiate the process, correct them, and
then the output. You wouldn't really
trust an agent to post for you on
LinkedIn.
>> I feel like right now we're trying to
close the loop with these agents. Like,
teach them our taste, teach them how we
give feedback, and make them more
autonomous.
>> Is that what you're saying, too? I do
think like there's been this you know
kind of step function change in the
experience that you can create with AI
from pre- chatbt but then I think we
entered like a mature era of even AI
chatbots where the models got smarter.
So even thinking about like you know the
the um year after GBD4 came out you know
we could actually do really interesting
things with chatbots. So chatbot
maturation and then I think we started
to hype agents a little too early. So
there was a year like last year people
were you know they were saying this is
the year of the agents and I think that
was when uh Salesforce Mark Benoff went
up and was talking about like you know
in the future every CEO is going to have
thousands of agents like you know agent
employees and human employees and I
think it was correct but just early and
so what we finally hit now I think and
some would say like really it was like
around end of last year with like the
anthropic like Opus uh 4.5 and beyond
generation of models but now you know
you have GBD 5.5 and Kimmy 2.6 like
these open source and you know
alternative models that I think have all
reached this level of intelligence that
actually enable agents to be like almost
humanlike right and autonomous.
>> Do you when you see a post on X where
somebody says I sleep at night and my
company is being run by 50 agents. Do
you believe that? Cuz I
>> I don't know like I've deployed a lot of
agents but I can't sleep. It's still in
my head like I'm responsible for that
agent. I'd rather have more humans.
But do you think we're moving towards
that reality?
>> You know, I think um I think that as the
models get better and better, we do need
to rethink the entire paradigm and like
the the product form factor to reflect
it. So I'll use a parallel here, which
is in the development agents world, you
know, you had copilot, GitHub copilot
that was kind of the first, you know,
kind of chatbot for developers, right?
And it really was that like you couldn't
have it go and develop like really
complex programs. It was more like you
could autocomplete a few lines of code
at a time. And so it was a convenience.
Then you had cursor which introduced its
own AI agent called composer uh which is
different from like the the now what
they're using that name for is the the
model they've uh fine-tuned but at the
time it was a much more autonomous
agent. you could tell it go and like
build me this file, write me this this
simple like you know kind of script or
or function and it would do something a
lot more autonomously than you know the
original co-pilot experience. I think
now yet we've entered into a new era
where the agents do enable you know kind
of you to go and execute on parallel in
parallel with multiple agents and so in
the development world the best
developers are already you know they're
not using necessarily cursor they're
actually now using many different agents
maybe it's cloud code for instance
running in parallel and it almost does
feel like they have their own company or
team running including overnight right I
actually when I'm developing I use
agents that you know I try to have them
do something substantial before I go to
sleep so that you know for hours at
least like I'm not wasting bandwidth
cycles um and they're they're doing
something useful and so when I wake up
they've already completed right so I you
know I think we are moving to a world
where the form factor will start to look
more like managing a fleet of agents or
almost managing like you know people um
you know like everybody when they
transition from being an individual
contributor to becoming a team manager
it's kind of a different role right you
still need some of the same techniques
but also it's quite different. So I
think we are moving in that direction.
But to your point, I think it's it's
also not yet a, you know, at a point
where you literally just have the agents
do everything, right? Like I don't think
agents can effectively run an entire
company or any substantial company
autonomously.
>> When do you think this flip is going to
happen? Do you think by the end of this
year we're going to see more output
that's actually deployed right away by
agents?
>> Picture this. You have something clear
in your head. How a banner, a logo, a
thumbnail should look. and you're
building a personal brand and you need
fast execution. Design.com is a perfect
tool for that. You describe what you
want, the AI builds it. You refine in
chat, it adjusts on the spot. Logo,
website, banners, social graphics,
business cards, presentations, you can
use the same tool for all of this. Say
if you're growing on LinkedIn, and a lot
of people uh say that video banners
actually work best right now. Design.com
can help you with that. I'm seeing more
and more people who post graphics and
it's kind of hard to stay consistent if
you have to redesign everything from
scratch every time. Or maybe you need a
logo for your personal brand. Design.com
is a perfect tool for all of that. You
describe what you want, you get
something usable in a couple of minutes.
If you want to change the layout, swap a
color, try a different font. You just
ask in chat, it updates. No revision
cycles, no delay. Same flow for
Instagram posts, stories, YouTube
thumbnails, anything you're posting that
week. Set your brand once, the platform
carries it across every new asset. Over
400,000 logos built so far. A million
designs total, and what you make is
yours to use commercially. If design has
been the thing you've always wanted to
work on, but just couldn't, try
design.com yourself. Link is in the
description. It's free to start.
>> I think that to your point, like on
analytics, you know, the the fact that
agents can help close the loop with, you
know, maybe drafting some content,
there's still a human review step.
you're posting it and then maybe the
agents are helping to analyze what's
working, what's not working and seeing
what's, you know, kind of um catching
fire out there from other people on uh
in the content world. You know, I think
it does create this like really high
leverage uh circuit for people who know
how to effectively deploy agents. Even
if humans are still in the loop at
points, I think that the amount of the
loop or the the percentage of the loop
that is more agent-driven is going to
increase and increase and increase until
at some point it's almost like yeah,
there's a human, but like that human is
extremely leveraged and you could
imagine building a company that you
never would have dreamed of without any
employees or with minimal employees. Now
you can do that with agents.
>> Absolutely. And I see it with my
content. We haven't really expanded the
team. We're still hiring but
>> we are producing I think three times
more content just because it's so much
easier to generate
>> that content of course we have to check
and everything but one person can now
handle like GEO and newsletter and also
threads
>> and another person can do three other
outlets
>> and maybe even like researching ideas so
like you know all the substantive work
that goes into like going deep on a
topic like a lot of that can be enabled
by agents. So for someone who's excited
about all of this but also they don't
know like I am also confused every week
there's something new there's claude
with co-work oh my god perplexity
computer amazing hyper agent
>> how do you choose and I saw you use
claude as well it's not like you're just
choosing one tool what's the best setup
>> yeah so I think maybe going back to our
generational metaphor you know there was
like the chatbot era and there were a
lot of products that were built as chat
bots And you know now we have agents
that are much more fully autonomous. So
I first you know would separate products
that kind of fall into the chatbot era
from the agent era. Um even within the
same company like Enthropic they have
claude like the vanilla version which is
much more close to a chatbot. I mean it
is actually a weekly agentic uh product.
So it can do a few turns at once but
you're not using claude to go and you
know work on something for 5 hours
without human intervention. Right. And
this is claude like the enduser product.
confusingly they also use that name for
their models and as a prefix to their
other products like cloud code and cloud
co-work but the plain kind of end user
cloud experience I think of as more of a
chatbot um likewise with chatbt and that
can still be very valuable but you know
when you think about like frontier
agents that are actually able to perform
you know maybe hours of human equivalent
work autonomously you know you put into
that category openclaw you know
everybody kind of got excited about
openclaw on Twitter because of what it
could do um I would put into that
category Claude co-work um and then you
know products like Perplexi Computer and
of course Hyper Agent and then within
that bucket there's kind of um there's
you know I think different uh options
for you know depending on what you want.
So what hyper agent gives you and what
we focused on is both the fact that you
can do this in a much more team enabled
setting as you kind of refine their
skills and memory. We put a lot of
emphasis into this like closing of the
loop for self-improvement which I think
is key because even though agents are
out of the box very smart and they're
only getting smarter as the models
underneath them get better and better.
>> Most people use Claude like a search
engine. They type in a question, they
get an answer, most times they're not
really satisfied with it and they close
the tab. I did the same thing for months
and I was looking at people who were
saying AI is changing their life and I'm
like then I spent one afternoon setting
it up properly, uploaded a few files
about how I think and how I work and it
completely changed. I wrote the whole
process up step by step. You get it when
you subscribe to my newsletter, future
proof. It's free. The link is in the
description. This is what I'm very
excited to try. When you mentioned the
team collaboration, we don't use Slack,
we use Telegram, but I saw you have this
Telegram integration. And the thing is,
and it's so funny, like I feel like the
industry is moving at the same pace and
thinking about the same problems cuz
last week I was talking to my COO and
I'm like I'm giving so much feedback to
my team in Telegram
>> which is inaccessible to like any
really. So I have to download the
conversations like how do we close this?
How does the agent learn my taste? So,
what we're going to do, we're going to
download the conversation, train the
agent, but then we're going to add the
bot to all the team chats that I have so
it learns my feedback and can give
feedback to me instead of instead of me
to my team.
>> Exactly. Yeah. And I think uh I mean,
one, by the way, as an aside, I think
Telegram has a really interesting
opportunity to become maybe the dominant
platform in messaging for agents because
they just have the best ergonomics of
all these messaging platforms to be able
to deploy bots, right? you know, Hyper
Agent has a really first class telegram
uh integration, right? Um and even if
you're not a current Telegram user, I
might recommend for people to go and
like set up a Telegram account because
it's such an easy and free way to create
both individual and group chats with
your agents. Um and it's very cool
actually to see in a group chat setting,
you can add even multiple agents that
you've created through Hyper Agent and
have them jump into the conversation as
relevant and even start to talk to each
other, which is very cool.
>> Yeah. like even even like give feedback
cuz what I realize in my company I'm the
bottleneck
>> cuz all the content goes through me and
sometimes I'm doing this right and I
can't get back to my team. What if I
have an agent that already knows my
taste and I say like on busy days you
just let it give the
>> Absolutely. Yeah. I think that is one of
the interesting emergent phenomena here
which is you know as people have gotten
really into their agent building like
openclaw uh you know you see all these
openclaw fans who have created like a
virtual twin of themselves in their
openclaw instance right this is my like
virtual howi agent that has really
learned so much about me and actually
does have real time access to the same
context that I do so it knows what my
schedule is
like you know they talked about the
singularity and like how we're going to
put ourselves into like a a computer end
like I mean it's kind of actually
happening with agents.
>> Yeah. What's the most unique use case
with hyper agent that you've
experienced?
>> I personally like um you know kind of
these multimedia related use cases. So
what I mean by that is you know
sometimes for fun and sometimes for like
actual kind of you know functional
marketing purposes. I like to have uh
hyper agent go and create like marketing
ideas. So, uh, at one point, uh, we
actually did do a billboard, a small
billboard campaign for Hyper Agent,
announcing the launch of it. And I had
it go end to end sourcing the actual
billboard location. So, we worked with
a, um, a vendor that had like, uh,
basically a list of all the billboards
that were available 101 or doing it
here. What's that?
>> Are you doing it on 101?
>> Uh, it was in New York, LA, and SF. And
uh and so we grabbed all the inventory
and then it had all the specific
locations like what street it was on and
then Hyper Agent was able to process all
of those locations, cross reference them
with Google Street View and Google Maps.
So it can literally put them on a map
and then even show like the street view
point of view of like here's what that
billboard looks like um on the street
and then best yet because it it's very
versatile in terms of being able to
chain together different tools. Um, it
was able to take those street view
images and then pass that in to leading
image models like Nano Banana and then
use that to generate a really
highfidelity mockup of what our
billboards would actually look like. Um,
you know, so it took real world location
shots, mashed that up with like our
actual kind of campaign uh imagery which
it created based on the concept and then
could help us visualize like here's
literally what that um that billboard on
sunset will look like. I thought that
was very cool. And then, you know, I
think like u we ended up not, you know,
like we weren't around uh long enough to
do a Super Bowl ad. We just started
hyper agent basically around the uh the
holidays. But, you know, had we done a
Super Bowl ad or maybe for next year,
you know, I uh use hyper agent uh to to
go and generate some like actual video
concepts, right? So, again, it's able to
like come up with concepts combining,
you know, real product marketing
understanding of like what does this
product do? We fed it or gave it access
to our documentation for hyper agent. So
very um meta, but like Hyper Agent was
then able to learn about all of the
capabilities and differentiation of
Hyper Agent and then to be able to go
and come up with really good marketing
concepts that it could cut up into
different scenes like a screenwriter or
like a director of in uh you know a
Super Bowl ad script and then actually
generate really high quality production
grade videos using uh VO in this case
from from uh Google um so that it
actually looked like a real Super Bowl
ad. So I think um you know I like the
creative uh creative use cases because
they're just so immediate and uh and
visceral. Um but of course I also have
like many functional use cases, chief of
staff uh use case where it's reading my
emails and Slack all the time and
pushing me anything that needs my
attention. So saying, "Hey, you just got
this really important email from
somebody, a customer or a partner or an
investor. You should probably respond to
this and here's even a drafted reply.
>> Can you show me uh some of your
productivity use cases?" because this is
where I see a lot of my time being
saved. Yeah. When uh
>> I optimize stuff with with agents.
>> Okay. So, this is a uh this is actually
a demo account of mine that's
realistically recreated uh based on my
actual usage. U my actual usage has
everything of mine like all of my uh uh
you know like calendar, my emails,
everything. So, it's a little sensitive.
either you can have it go on a recurring
schedule or like similar to OpenCloud
can have a heartbeat mode where it's
always,
>> you know, waking up and checking new
stuff and then pushing you messages
either via Telegram, it could be via
Slack, it could be via email, but you
can kind of set it up how you want. Um,
I like Telegram because then it just
feels like it's almost like a personal
assistant like messaging you all the
time. You can respond to it and
especially Telegram if you have the bot
living in your group channels already
with your team, then you can just
mention the bot and say, "Hey, you know,
go research this thing on behalf of the
team." Go create caption for this post.
>> Exactly. Okay. So, here's one that uh is
one of my personal favorites. So,
obviously you have to be on top of
Twitter or X like 24/7 now to like keep
up with all the latest news. It's all
happening so fast. It's kind of
overwhelming. And sometimes I feel like
I just like I forget to check X and I
miss some really important stuff. So, I
have one agent whose entire job is just
to constantly watch X and literally it's
like doing this like all the time 24/7
and then it's making a judgment call. It
knows enough about me and what I care
about and air table and hyper agent that
it can push to messages alerting me you
know when there's something interesting
only when it's actually relevant to me
right and it can even like frame this
around like why is this relevant to you
to howie um but
>> interesting how social media is
transforming because I see a lot of
people doing this cuz once you enter X
you forget your life
>> totally you go down
>> agent consuming content for youactly
it's an interesting shift for social
media in general
>> well you know it's like agents consuming
the content But then, you know, also
probably agents helping to create the
content. And so, you know, there's uh
it's it's this funny loop of like what
happens when it's really just like our
agents posting and consuming all the
content on our behalf. Right.
>> Exactly.
>> Um so, this is a favorite one of mine.
And one thing you can do here is like if
you want to set up a live mode agent,
you can actually click that dialogue
button. um or just ask it in the feed or
in the uh in the thread. Turn this into
an an always on agent and push me
messages via Telegram when you see
something interesting for me, right?
>> And then it will set it up. It will walk
you through the flow. You can set up
like a Telegram bot.
>> You're doing this now and I'm realizing
a few months ago we built this system
that gives us notifications about videos
that are underperforming.
>> Okay. took us a few days.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And by the way, even a few
days is far better than a few months or
a few years, right? Like it would have
>> but it's still this is such a like how
technology progresses these days. You
have to be always on always testing cuz
there's new this new products coming.
>> Yeah. And I think I mean one of the cool
things if I take a step back and think
about the state of tech right now like
I've always believed that you can choose
to make tech like a enabling tool,
right? In fact,
we spent a lot of time studies
scoffed at the idea of a personal
computer, right? Like they literally
laughed at it. They were like, "Oh,
nobody would need a personal computer on
their own desk, let alone like they
didn't even think about smartphones."
Um, and you know, the idea that
obviously Apple and Microsoft had was
like, "Wow, like these processors are
getting cheaper and faster." And in
fact, like instead of using that to do
even more arcane and like specialized
work, what if we made this even more
accessible? What if we chewed up all of
that computing power to make computers
something that anyone can use and get
value out of? And I think there's a very
strong parallel to models and like as
the models get smarter yeah you could
apply them towards very you know kind of
complicated use cases like hire
palunteer for like $300 million to do
like a very complex like you know
government deployment of AI but also the
alternate point of view is you can use
it to enable people to do even more
broad and interesting and ubiquitous
things right so I'm personally a fan of
like the you know kind of
democratization angle that's the entire
founding premise of Air Table was
democratizing app creation and I think
now we have a very similar opportunity
to do that for agents and like you know
I really think like there's going to be
two paths of agents that are more and
more powerful but inaccessible and then
agents that are actually more and more
friendly and accessible and useful to as
many people as possible.
>> Yeah, I just saw you speak on stage and
you said builders are going to win in
the next few years. How do you adopt the
builder mindset? Yeah, I mean I think
what really being a builder comes down
to is one like having the appetite to
tinker. Like that's the most important
thing, right? Because I think it's a
humility to say like nobody knows all
the answers. Like if somebody tells you
like here's exactly how to build the
perfect agent for every single use case
and every single company out there. Like
they're full of it because there's no
way to prescribe that so perfectly. Like
it's constantly changing. And what's
really cool about the builder community
out there already uh on X for instance
or like on Reddit etc is you're finding
that people are like almost accidentally
discovering the best ways to use agents
right like you know they're learning hey
you know it turns out like one way to
make the agents very very good at
content production is to give it this
kind of a skill with this kind of
guidance right or maybe create a skill
from you know the Mr. beast leaked
handbook on like how to create content
like you know it turns out when you feed
that into the agent have it develop its
own skill informed by that it does
really well right um and so you know
there's all of these emergent practices
that actually make these agents work
better and better and the only way to go
and kind of like really you know get
good at it is to try it out right and
the great thing is like you know there's
no you know kind of master class there's
no PhD that you need for it I mean I'm
sure you could take some great classes
out there but you don't really have to
right and like you know if you have
nights and weekend time even to go and
just play around with the agents and
it's quite fun to use I think that's the
best way to actually get into it. So the
tinker mindset is most important first
and foremost and I think the second is
really just a willingness to really
distill down like what is the work in
order to generate the output you want
right I think some people um you know
have an easier time imagining you know
what is the ultimate purpose of let's
say software engineering or sales or
marketing or you know content creation
and if you are stuck in in in terms of
thinking about it as like the activities
that you currently do. So software
engineering the activity of writing code
by hand line by line is now going to be
obsolete. Right. So
>> same as script writing.
>> Exactly. Yeah. But if you can rethink
the the work as being how do I generate
great software? How do I output great
code and great applications and get to
go up in the abstraction to like have a
team of agents that actually do that
work for me? or you know the same for
script writing or content like I think
then you're able to really effectively
leverage agents because you're thinking
about the outcome first and then how do
you use these awesome you know
capabilities to generate that output
versus being stuck in the activities of
before you know I think like a lot of it
is just like getting that starting point
right like you know it feels sometimes
very daunting to get started like I
personally every time I try a new
generation of AI or products you know it
it always feels like it you know a
little intimidating like how do I get
started? Like you know over the holidays
I personally got back into uh software
development in a really big way. Like I
had done some tinkering before but um
with the latest family of models like I
actually started building like with code
again, right? using development agents.
And at first it was like, you know, like
I just picked some low stakes projects
to to do like for fun and got so
immersed into it that by the time I
personally started working on hyper
agent in code like you know it was
already very like exciting and you know
I had built up some confidence around
like what I could do with the agent. So
I think you know the um the really
empowering thing is like you can start
with anything like low stakes personal
use cases but that helps you develop the
confidence and the fluency to then go
and bite off something even bigger.
Yeah. You could have a whole agent just
dedicated to helping you prepare for
that. And you could even have a meta
agent that itself is running 24/7 to
discover new opportunities for
additional agents. Right.
>> Oh that's amazing. So this is Do you
have that agent? No. I think it's it's
genius. I I don't have one right now
other than my chief of staff which is
constantly like looking through all my
stuff and suggesting like follow-ups and
sometimes it will suggest additional
agent use cases but I should um you know
I want to have like a weekly yeah weekly
review look at everything I did and then
come up with additional agents that you
should hire basically onto your team to
automate even more of what happened over
the week. So this one I'm just setting
up like the final parts of the um the
telegram flow but you know in short like
it will help me walk through the
configuration to actually turn this
agent into an always on telegram agent
that will then push messages
on.
>> So I gave it some some feedback on um on
what I wanted to do. I should set up an
agent for a kids school email. Now that
I'm thinking
>> well I mean now that we're talking about
personal use cases like I have some fun
ones which are um you know I'm in the
market for a used car right now. And so
it actually uh I have an agent that's
monitoring all of the used car listing
sites and then finding cars of my spec.
I want a convertible uh here, you know,
we're here in LA. It's a great place to
have a convertible and it will go and do
extensive research on the price point I
want and like do the cars have the specs
that I want and even like you know what
um what are the uh you know locations
like let me click through and like see
where it is and more details um but
>> you know just like fun personal use
cases that I wouldn't have otherwise
hired like a person to go and monitor.
Now I'm thinking I need to book my
flights to can. I could basically build
an agent that goes through all my points
that I have on different credit cards
and find the right
>> Oh yeah. A points optimizer like use the
points effectively even help you like
plan out like with a map like all the
different places you want to go.
>> So yeah, it's a very fun time.
>> You know, I I saw this uh term
referenced in a um like one of the AI
forums I'm in. But, you know, one way to
think about agents is like I mean
obviously you can use it in your core
job, but it also enables you to go make
all these luxury hires that you
otherwise wouldn't go like maybe you
wouldn't hire a full-time travel
concierge for your team, right? Like it
just that would be like too uh it
wouldn't be worth like a full-time hire.
But now with an agent, you can literally
have an agent whose full-time job even
running 24/7 is to find ways to optimize
your points, find like new um you know,
itineraries that are surfacing from your
email. like it knows, oh, maybe you need
to go out and do this kind of a um uh
you know, this kind of a promotion or
this kind of like an interview and it
will, you know, automatically go and
propose here's the flight itinerary,
here's even like the way that you can
optimize your points for this trip. So,
you know, it kind of allows you to just
imagine all these like if you could hire
as many people as you wanted for almost
zero cost, right? Like what other roles
would you hire people into? I think
that's a very cool thing too is you know
a lot of people are worried rightfully
about you know what jobs will look like
in the coming years but I think that
actually like some of the most
interesting use cases of agents are
going to be not necessarily replacing
existing human jobs outright but
actually enabling completely new jobs
that weren't being done because you know
it just wasn't worth it to have like a
full-time hire to do something. So, you
know, you're able to like go and do
incrementally so much more that puts you
ahead, right? Personally and and as a
business.
>> If I'm running all these agents, I'm
getting all that information like
learning how to live in that environment
where yes, they source a lot of stuff
for you, but then you're still the end
decision maker. So, it's a lot of
decisions now, which is actually a
founder's job, right? You're not you
don't have to be building, you have to
be making those big decisions, right?
That's the thing I think like a common
thread is like you know the thing that
scales the most and gives you the most
leverage in the agent world and you know
it was true in the human world as well
is good judgment right and how do you
apply good judgment as efficiently and
to as many different threads as possible
and I think the people who are able to
do that most effectively will become
like almost superhuman right like you
know you will have this team of agents
that you're able to give good judgment
and feedback to just like a really
effective CEO of humans right like
that's what discern concerns a good CEO
of humans versus not is ability to scale
good judgment.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And you scale it by making
more decisions, I guess, and seeing how
they work for you, right?
>> Yeah. Absolutely. And maybe like
iterating, experimenting more, having
agents try things that you otherwise
wouldn't have tried. Like maybe you can
do new content experiments, right? or
new business model experiments like hey
what if we built our own you know kind
of brand uh and or micro sites around
these different kind of opportunities uh
for air table or for hyper agent you
know like we can actually go and execute
on way more like marketing programs or
even like product um you know features
than we would before and not all of them
will work but like we just get way more
app bats. Okay, my last question for
anyone who wants to start with agents
today, first three steps.
>> Um, one is obviously sign up for hyper
agent and um, you know, we uh, you know,
we try to make hyper agent really really
in non-intimidating, right? So, it's got
a very great gooey experience. You don't
have to go in and like do technical
setup. It's kind of like using the Mac,
right? As opposed to like setting up
Linux. And the second is like just come
up with like a few personal use cases or
low stakes work use cases. I think um
problem hunting like figuring out like
what are the problems you want to solve
is like 80% of the battle right because
it turns out the actual building of the
solution is no longer so hard. Like
compare this to the prior era where like
let's say you wanted to build custom
software even before no code and you
wanted to solve a problem with like a
custom app. Okay well you could pick the
right problem. you need to track, let's
say, all your brand deals, but then
actually writing the code to build the
app is like all of the easier to hire
someone.
>> And so now I think really it's kind of
inverted where the the most interesting
part and actually the part that you
should spend the most time on up front
is just coming up with a list of like
what are all the problems that I want to
solve? And then third is like have fun
with it. I think that's the most
important part too or that's a really
important part too is you know this has
to become like a passion. I think like
the best agent users and builders I see
really kind of enjoy it, right? Just
like, you know, if you were an early
internet user, you had to kind of enjoy
it, right? Like there's a functional
purpose to it, but also like, you know,
it's just fun to go online and like, you
know, see what else was out there,
shopping sites and like news sites and
games and and so on. And so there is
this like interactive and like just kind
of very dynamic nature to agents that I
think to become truly fluent, you have
to have passion, you know, technology,
fit, right? So like try to enjoy it and
that's why I think like also picking the
lower stakes you know kind of fun use
cases where you get to really experiment
rather than putting all this pressure on
yourself up up front to like deliver
some kind of ROI like it's just like any
other new and disruptive tech computers
the internet the iPhone like to really
understand how to apply it in a very
efficient and effective business way you
have to first really kind of I think
immerse as a consumer of it. Yeah. And
two skills everyone should be working on
from what you're saying. Uh the skill to
figure out the problem to solve
>> and the skill to make the right call or
judgment.
>> Yeah. Absolutely.
>> Yeah. I think those will be the two most
important things and effectively
mastering them I think makes you into
superhum in this.
>> Exactly. Exactly. And we're living in an
age where everyone has a potential to
become a superhum in less than I think
couple weeks.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean seriously,
>> it's a very very
>> I think we'll we'll see a lot more
entrepreneurship too. I think like you
know the the era of like one person
building a great company you know
whether it's like the literal billion
dollar revenue company that was
forecasted uh with with AI or you know
it could just be it doesn't have to be a
billion in revenue to still be
successful but I think a lot more people
are going to be able to get off the
ground with their own ideas and build a
business whether it's an online retail
business that you know before they
couldn't have afforded to hire the team
to market it to source the inventory to
build a site now you can do that all
with agents right or it could be a
content you know kind of business or it
could be like a software business. Like
all of these businesses I think are now
much more possible for anyone out there
who just has the idea and sees an
opportunity.
>> Yeah, it's amazing time to be alive.
Thank you so much, Howie. And thank you
so much for the product. Of course.
Yeah.